Add note detailing current octree support (#3208)
Napari/napari: docs/guides/rendering.md

instead of the Vispy `ImageVisual` class that napari's
{class}`~napari.layers.Image` class uses.

> >The current `OCTREE` implementation only fully supports 2D images and
> >may not function with 3D and/or multiscale images. Improving support
> >for 3D and multiscale images is part of future work on the `OCTREE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The current `OCTREE` implementation only fully supports a single 2D images and
>may not function with 3D images or multiple images. Improving support
>for 3D and multiple images is part of future work on the `OCTREE`.
```
